Akela (Hawaiian origin), meaning 'noble or alone'. It is a variant of the German name Adele. 

Akira (Japanese origin), meaning 'bright or clear as the Sun'. It is a gender-neutral name in Japan. 

Azula (Japanese origin), meaning 'blue'. The name is derived from their Spanish and Portuguese counterparts. 

Chimera (Italian origin), meaning a 'young goat or kid'. Greek mythology suggests that Greek people might’ve started using it earlier than Italians. 

Haruhi (Japanese origin), meaning 'spring bird', is very diverse as its meanings vary in each area and based on the Kanji used. 

Himani (Indian origin) meaning 'snow'. It is said that people named Himani love the cold and are peaceful.

Kai (Hawaiian origin), meaning 'the sea'. It is a multicultural name predominant in Japanese and Scandinavian cultures. 

Kirin (Chinese origin), meaning 'mythological creature', is a part horse and part dragon, which combines the virtues of both men and women. 

Kotori (Japanese origin), meaning 'bird'. In the Native American culture, it translates to 'screech owl spirit'. 

Lynx (Latin origin), meaning 'wild cat'. Derived from the Greek word, it means light, brightness, or luminescence.

Megumi (Japanese origin), meaning 'blessing'. It can be written and spelled using Kanji. 

Mia (Egyptian origin), meaning 'beloved or mine'. It is a derivation of the Slavic variant Mila which means 'dear' or 'darling'. 

Michelle (French origin), meaning 'gift from God', is the female variant of the French name Mikel. 

Naoki (Japanese origin), meaning 'the tree of truth'. It consists of the Japanese word called Nao which translates to 'truth' or 'honesty'.

Primrose (British origin), meaning 'first rose'. It is derived from Latin 'prima rosa'. 

Suki (Japanese origin), meaning 'beloved'. It is a very rare name. As rare as it gets and is considered an aberration in Japan.

Usagi (Japanese origin), meaning 'rabbit'. In Japanese culture rabbits are tricksters.

Ushi (Indian origin), meaning 'wish or desire'. In Japan, this is a boy’s name and has a different meaning. 

Victoria (Latin origin), meaning 'victory'. In Greece, Victoria is the goddess of victory and is equivalent to the goddess Nike. 

Yoko (Japanese origin), meaning 'the sun, ocean, and child'. Yoko Ono was a great musician. 