Asako (Japanese origin), meaning 'morning child'. Many great warriors are named Asako to symbolize bravery.

Ayako (Japanese origin), meaning 'color and design'. It has different meanings. 

Chane (French origin), meaning 'oak-hearted'. It is a unisex name and a lot of girls are named Chane too. 

Chiko (Japanese origin), meaning 'arrow' or 'pledge'. In Buddhist culture, it signifies the light of wisdom. 

Chili (American origin), meaning 'cold', is inspired by all types of chilies.

Chrom (Greek Origin), meaning 'colorful and cheeky'. It is derived from the Greek word Chroma.

Chuang (Korean origin), meaning 'whole, entire, and complete'. It is also a very famous Korean surname. 

Kalinda (Indian origin), meaning 'sun, hope, and mountains'. It is originally a Sanskrit word. 

Kiyoshi (Japanese origin), meaning ‘soundless, bright or pure’. It is an evocation of peace. 

Mario (Italian origin), meaning 'warlike'. The name became very influential after the video game Mario Run. 

Michiko (Japanese origin), meaning ‘passing child', 'child of beautiful wisdom', or 'knowledge'.

Mikel (French origin), meaning 'God’s gift'. Despite being a French name, it is very influential in German culture. 

Mizuchi (Japanese origin), meaning 'snake'. It is the name of a legendary dragon or a snake-like creature connected to water. 

Nadi (Arabic origin), meaning 'lucky' or 'number 1'. This is a multi-cultural name and has different interpretations in all of them. 

Namba (Japanese origin), meaning 'difficult or wave'. It is commonly found on the island of Shikoku and is Romanized there as Nanba. 

Natsume (Japanese origin), meaning 'summer, beauty, truth, or sea'. 

Nittaya (Indian origin), meaning 'constant, perpetual, and eternal'. The original Sanskrit name is Nitya. 

Nozomi (Japanese origin), meaning 'hope'. It can have many different meanings according to the region it is used in. 

Orochi (Japanese origin), meaning 'enigmatic'. It is another name for a legendary dragon. 

Yayoi (Japanese origin), meaning 'new life'. In the Japanese calendar, it is the name of March. 